What's the matter with Brother Jun?
I have something important to ask you
Who are you, Lin Siye?
How do you know him?
The mountains and rivers are exhausted
I'll tell you the truth.
Actually, he's my ex-boyfriend
A week before my arrival.
I have broken up with him.
This is my personal business
How do you know?
He asked Akai to contact me with that APP.
How can you blame him for contacting you?
I'm on top of Lin's Nanhu Building
I met him once
South Lake Palace
That's the one.
Collectively defrauded over 30 million South Lake Palace
They not only lie to you
And turned you right here
I'm here to make them pay in blood
So you're here to gather all the evidence
Then destroy it
What about your own safety?
We have 4 less.
He will help us.
Let's run away together